my cat feels at home with nature and
with me too naturally for my cat hygiene
is the most natural thing in the world
that's why we trust cats best aw cool
plus the clumping cat litter made from
100% pure plant fiber 100% biologically
compostable always clean always
comfortable and with perfect odor
control naturally intelligent just like
your cares trust in the properties of
organic fiber liquid is effectively
trapped and tightly held in the organic
fibers capillary system it's pure genius
that's why cats best OCO plus has
outstanding odor control and excellent
absorption which means a pleasant
odorless living environment unbeatable
the organic fibers absorb a huge amount
of moisture up to seven hundred percent
of their own volume it's amazing see for
yourself
extremely effective the excellent
absorption characteristics of cats best
echo pluses natural plant fiber means
that the absorbent material can remain
in the cat litter for up to four to six
weeks that means less raw material and a
huge decrease in waste cats best echo
plus saves you money and is much more
economical cats best echo plus makes cat
hygiene much easier unlike non-organic
cat litter products the soiled litter
can be disposed of in the normal
household Soilers cats best echo plus is
compostable and completely biodegradable
that's kind to the environment
the German environmental consumer
magazine OCO test rated cats best oak
applause cat litter as recommended
everyone benefits cats man and the
environment
cats best OCO plus available in all good
pet shops